hey today I'm going to teach you how to
take pictures of light trails first off
you're going to need a camera like this
one well not exactly like it but you're
gonna need one pretty close to it you
want to have one that has a manual
setting on it that little well if you
can see that little em right there so
we're exposure time and you're going to
need that pretty much no matter what um
so the settings you need to get it just
right is this just I so you want that
low that's um how sensitive the exposure
is so I'm that low next is shutter speed
you want that really really long mindset
20 seconds so I'll take a nice long
picture which allows me to do things
then you're going to want this this is
the f-stop the f-stop is how small or
big the UM aperture is which is how big
the hole is so you can't see on digital
cameras but there's actually a hole in
there which is determined by the f-stop
which makes it bigger or smaller it's
really quite handy sometimes and I don't
know why I have that said to them why I
got I got a set to macro macro and I
which is first of all pictures me that's
set to auto there we go that's whatever
alright when you do the picture you want
somewhere really steady like on the
counter or something so it won't be
moving around while it's taking the
picture you want it like that I'm what
you're going to do this you're going to
be in a dark room mine's got my light on
for now your flashlight like this if it
works
like this anyone will do I got an even
stronger one that would that didn't turn
out that way last time so what your new
is you're going to turn off your light
like that got your flashlight so it's
good what you're going to do is go over
here to your camera you're going to
click the picture like that let's start
taking the picture will walk over here
I'm going to do some things like that
moving it around and I'll here click
when it's done
yeah that was the quick turn back on the
link go over to the camera now depending
on your camera you're just a process for
a little while which um just means it's
like preparing it for you to look at it
it takes a little while for me but here
there it is it doesn't come out very
well since you're looking at a screen
through a camera but that's it let's how
you take the light picture pretty simple
stuff you took me a while to find out
how to do it it turns out there's also
many good things on the web lack of I'm
so I went to UVM for something for Boy
Scouts and they told me how to do it and
that's how you do